Command to train list_models (#270)
aramis-lab/clinicadl: docs/Train/Details.md

Such comparison and serialization is only performed at the end of an epoch, even though inner epoch evaluations 
are performed.

The command 
```
clinicadl train list_models
```
will display the list of available models that can be used.
There are a few options to get more details:

> - `--architecture`: you can specify there the name a model and it will display the detail architecture corresponding to the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--architecture`: is the name of the model whose architecture will be displayed.
```

> - `--input_size`: to specify the size of you input (if the model is 2D).

Reviewer: This should work even if the model is 3D
```suggestion
- `--input_size`: is the size of the input of the model. For example if the input size is 1@169x208x179, the option `--input_size 1 169 208 179` should be added. Default value: 1@128x128.
```

Such comparison and serialization is only performed at the end of an epoch, even though inner epoch evaluations 
are performed.

The command 
```
clinicadl train list_models
```
will display the list of available models that can be used.
There are a few options to get more details:

- `--architecture`: is the name of the model whose architecture will be displayed.
- `--input_size`: is the size of the input of the model with shape C@HxW if the image is 2D or C@DxHxW if the image is 3D. 
  For example if the input size is 1@169x208x179, the option `--input_size 1@169x208x179` should be added.

>   Default value: `128x128`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Default value: `1@128x128`.
```
